( sighs )
I never should have let her go,
not in her condition.
Chief, I am certain
Dr. Bashir and Major Kira
are taking good care
of your wife.
And besides, you
know there's no way
you could have kept
Keiko from going.
She's been talking
about the botanical
mysteries on Torad V
for a long time.
You're lucky
she agreed
to limit the trip
to three days.
in the Gamma Quadrant.
Three days
Do you know what she
wanted to do last week?
What?
She wanted
to go back to Bajor
and rappel down
the cliffs of Undalar
to get a fungus sample.
Rappel to get fungus!
It's as if I have to remind her
that she's pregnant.
Yeah. I guess
the extra weight,
the morning sickness
the mood swings
the medical
examinations--
they aren't reminders enough.
I have work to do.
Hey!
CROWD:
Dabo!
We have a winner!
DABO GIRL:
Very good!
Rom! My brother!
I'm glad to see you.
Let me pour you
a snail juice.
Okay, but only one.
My shift starts
in 33 minutes.
I'll make it a tall one
and it's on the house.
We're celebrating.
Celebrating?!
What?
My return from
two weeks
on Ferenginar.
Didn't you miss me?
Uh, I suppose.
And I missed you.
That's two reasons
for celebrating.
Enjoy.
Thanks.
Just the way
you like it?
Perfect.
( chuckles )
So, how was your trip?
Did you close
the vole belly deal?
The what?
Oh, yeah. Closed it
on the first day.
15 percent
profit margin.
Great.
Did you see Moogie?
Mother's fine.
She sends her love.
What else did you do?
Well, let's see, uh...
I closed the deal--
told you that.
Did some shopping...
to the Great Marketplace.
Made a pilgrimage
And, uh... oh, yes.
I found out, uh...
I'm...
I'm dying!
What are you all
looking at?
Haven't you ever seen
a dying man before?
You're dying?
I got my results
from my annual
insurance physical.
All the tests came back
negative except for one.
I have Dorek syndrome.
But... that's incurable.
That's right,
which explains the "dying" part.
But... Dorek syndrome...
it's so rare.
It strikes
only one out of every
five million Ferengi.
I finally beat the odds.
How long do you have before...?
According to Dr. Orpax,
six days...
maybe seven.
Is he sure?
Oh, of course,
he's sure.
He's one of the most
expensive doctors
on Ferenginar.
He charges two
slips of latinum
just to walk into
the waiting room.
This is terrible!
I don't want you
to die, Brother.
Maybe you should get
a second opinion.
Have Dr. Bashir examine you
when he gets back
from the Gamma Quadrant.
Bashir? How good
could he be?
He doesn't even charge.
Besides, what could
a hu-man doctor know
about Dorek syndrome?
You're going to die!
( sobbing )
I have six days to take care
of everything-- my will...
Moogie's pension.
funeral arrangements.
I have to make
Pay off my debts.
That's a lot of debts, Brother.
are to hu-mans, Bajorans
Yes, but half of those
a couple of Klingons.
Rule of Acquisition 17:
A contract is a contract
is a contract--
but only between Ferengi.
Exactly.
But you're right.
It's still a lot of debt.
You could always sell
the desiccated remains
of your corpse
on the Ferengi Futures Exchange.
Who'd want to buy a disk
of desiccated Quark?
I'm nobody--
just some bartender
with a domineering mother
and an idiot brother.
You were the Grand Nagus.
For a week.
If I'm lucky, I'll be a footnote
in some...
Ferengi financial almanac.
the change of administrations
You anticipated
here on the station.
And as a reward
I'm inextricably linked
to the Federation.
I'm a joke on Ferenginar.
Starfleet's favorite bartender!
The synthehol king!
What a legacy.
You're not
a joke here.
You're a respected
businessman...
a pillar of the community
a man with... many friends.
Friends?
Community?
some sniveling hu-man.
You sound like
The only opinions I care about
are those of my peers--
Ferengi businessmen.
In their eyes
small-time operator.
I'm a second-rate,
Stop it!
Stop it, Brother!
You are somebody.
You'll see.
You march right over
to that com link
and offer your
vacuum-desiccated remains
for sale
on the Futures Exchange.
You'll see.
Bids'll come flooding in
from all over
the Ferengi Alliance.
Everyone will want a disk
of Quark on their desk.
In fact, there may
not be enough of you
to meet the demand.
( chuckles )
You're a liar,
but I love you.
Just wait.
When you see how much
your body is worth
you're going to wish
you died years ago...
or something like that.
Captain, something's coming
through the wormhole.
On screen.
Magnify.
WORF:
The Volga.
It has been damaged.
Dr. Bashir is requesting
emergency transport
to the Infirmary.
Two patients:
Major Kira...
Keiko O'Brien.
Major.
Keiko's still in surgery
but she's going to be just fine.
And the baby?
Oh, my God.
No, no, Chief.
The baby's fine.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Everything's okay.
The baby...
just had a change of address,
that's all.
What do you mean?
Your son's living here now.
Major Kira almost
had us clear
of the asteroid field
and then the deflectors
became overwhelmed.
We were sideswiped
by a rock
the size
of this room.
A fuel pod exploded
and Keiko was thrown
against the bulkhead.
She had a concussion,
broken ribs,
internal hemorrhaging.
I managed to stabilize her
but the baby's autonomic
functions were failing.
I had to find another womb
for the baby
and the only two people
available
were Major Kira... and me.
the right choice, Doctor.
I think you made
But... the Major's Bajoran.
How can she carry a human baby?
Well, I had to stimulate
Kira's estrogen
and progesterone production
of tesokine to enable the baby
and administer high doses
to metabolize
Bajoran nutrients.
But the bottom line is
it worked, right?
Right.
So, uh, when will Keiko
be strong enough
to take the baby back?
Well, Keiko should be
up on her feet again
in a day or two.
However, the baby...
What?
Major Kira will have to carry
the baby to term.
You see, Chief,
Bajoran women
for less than five months.
carry their children
such a short gestation period
Because they have
they vascularize very quickly.
Mother and child form
a complex interconnecting
network of blood vessels.
And in order to transfer
the baby back to Keiko
I would have to sever those ties
which would likely cause massive
internal hemorrhaging in Kira
and a severe respiratory trauma
for the baby.
So...
what you're telling me
is that...
Major Kira's going to have
my baby?
( door chimes )
What is it?
Hello, Brother.
You wanted to see me?
Come here.
Did you get
lots of bids?
I wouldn't say lots.
How many?
Let me count.
One.
Oh?
17 bars, three strips
and five slips
of latinum
for the entire
collection.
It's a generous
opening bid.
It's an insultingly
low offer.
Oh, and it
also happens to be
the exact sum total
of your life savings.
Oh?
What a coincidence.
Stop it. I don't want
your charity.
It's not charity.
I want to have something
to remember you by
when you're gone.
I knew this was a mistake.
But, Brother, you've
got to give it time.
Your body's only been
on the Exchange--
Oh, forget the bidding!
This has all been a mistake.
My life...
coming here...
putting a bar on this Cardassian
monstrosity of a station.
What was I thinking?!
( monitor beeps )
Brother,
come here quick.
It's a bid.
A bid.
A huge bid.
500 bars of latinum...
for the entire set.
That's 10,000 strips.
That's one million slips.
That sounds even better.
It doesn't say
who the bidder is.
It's not me.
No kiddin'.
You think it's Moogie?
like me that much.
No. She doesn't
She might buy one disk
but all 52?
No.
Who could it be?
Who could afford to spend
500 bars of latinum on me?
Grand Nagus Zek.
The Nagus?
Of course.
It makes perfect sense.
He always liked me.
He used you when it
suited his needs.
I don't think
it's the same thing.
Don't you see?
He used me because he liked me.
He couldn't admit
that in public.
So he made this
anonymous bid
as a gesture of his
appreciation and gratitude.
That doesn't sound
like the Nagus I know.
But it doesn't matter
who made the offer.
The important thing is
this could stimulate
further bidding.
Well, now let's
not be foolish, Rom.
If we wait
the Grand Nagus might
just change his mind.
Going once, going twice, sold.
Congratulations,
Brother.
Yeah.
It took me my whole life...
but I'm going to die a winner.
Hi.
How are you feeling?
Like I've been hit
by a ten-ton rock.
Julian says I'll be
on my feet tomorrow.
How are you?
Fine.
Though...
( laughs )
I think I've put
on a little weight.
You carry it well.
what you're doing for me
You know, what...
and for us, I...
( sighs )
I don't know how to thank you.
Oh.
Keiko...
this is your baby.
( laughing )
That will pay off Moogie
leaving 196 bars of latinum
to pay off Uncle Gorad
and Cousin Gaila.
Is that clear?
I think so.
Good. Now, on to my
funeral arrangements.
First...
Quark?
to take place in the holosuite.
I want my eulogy
We'll charge admission--
two slips a head.
I don't know about that.
You're right.
Make it three.
Quark.
Huh?
I just received
an odd message
from a Dr. Orpax
of Ferenginar.
He wanted me to tell you
that he's very sorry
but you don't have
Dorek syndrome.
Does that make
any sense to you?
You don't have Dorek syndrome?
what that means, Rom?
Do you know
It means you're going to live!
It means I get to sue Dr. Orpax
for malpractice!
( excited sigh )
And I'm going to live.
( door chimes )
( chiming continues )
I'm coming.
( chimes )
I-I-I'm coming!
( door chimes )
Computer, lights.
( chiming continues )
( sighs )
Come in already.
Brunt, FCA.
this is a surprise audit.
Don't tell me
( chuckling )
Not this time.
I'm here to...
check on my merchandise.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about you.
I paid 500 bars of latinum
for your
desiccated remains
and I'm here to collect.
You're the anonymous buyer?
Well, who did
you expect?
The Nagus?
( laughing )
Of course not.
I'm just a little
surprised it was you.
I guess you haven't
heard the news.
don't have Dorek syndrome?
You mean that you
I know all about it.
But, uh, I don't understand.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to get what I paid for.
The contract calls for 52 disks
of vacuum-desiccated Quark
available within six days.
I'm here to make sure
you deliver
the merchandise.
Maybe I wasn't clear.
I'm not dying.
I don't care.
I want...
my merchandise.
I have a thousand ideas
of how to defile
your remains.
Want to hear
my favorites?
( sighs )
I see.
How foolish of me.
that on top of your full refund
I forgot to mention
additional five bars of latinum
you'll also be receiving an
for your troubles.
Did I say five?
I meant ten.
You drive a hard bargain.
12-- that's my final offer.
you've come a long way.
Look, it's late,
Why don't we stop this haggling
and you just tell me
how much you want?
What I want...
of vacuum-desiccated Quark--
is 52 disks
nothing more
nothing less.
But I'm not going
to die just yet!
( chuckling )
What do you
expect me to do?
Kill myself?
( chuckling )
Of course not.
You can have someone
do it for you.
I recommend
strangulation--
leaves the body
relatively unmarked
for desiccation.
You can't be serious.
A contract is a contract...
Is a contract.
I know that.
collect on contracts
But you don't
under these
circumstances.
We're not Klingons.
We're businessmen.
This is not business,
Quark.
This is personal.
But why?
What have I ever
done to you?
Done to me?
And you call
your brother an idiot?
Nothing you have
ever done to me
has been more than
a minor inconvenience, no.
Protecting your mother
from an FCA audit
and secretly settling
with your striking employees
were nothing
more than symptoms
of a vile and
insidious weakness...
a weakness that
makes me loath you,
not for what you've done
but for who you are,
what you are.
A bartender?
A philanthropist.
I am not.
You give your customers
credit at the bar!
You only take
a 30 percent kickback
from your employees' tips
and you sold food and
medicine to Bajoran refugees
at cost!
That's not true.
It was just above cost.
Close enough.
It was still a generous
hu-manitarian gesture.
You've gone Starfleet.
You might as well be wearing
one of their uniforms.
It's people like you
that give honest Ferengi
businessmen a bad name.
I can reform.
I'll start gouging
the customers again.
I'll revoke all
my employees' vacation time.
You gave them vacations?
I didn't give them anything.
They contributed
to a central fund
which I manage...
You...
disgust me.
Look!
I understand
your anger.
You're absolutely
right about me
but there must be some
accommodation we can make--
something other than
me killing myself.
Of course there is.
You can break the contract.
Me-- break a Ferengi
contract? Never.
Never?
Uh-uh.
I wonder if there's
enough Ferengi left in
you to stick to that.
Part of me hopes you will
break it, because then
everything you and your
family own on Ferenginar
will be confiscated and
sold to the lowest bidder.
Your mother will be forced
to live on the streets,
begging for scraps of food
and, of course, no Ferengi
will do business with you
or even talk to you.
You'll be cut off
from all contact
with your own people.
I like Ferengi.
I-I feel comfortable
around them.
Well, we don't feel
comfortable around you.
You're a disease, Quark
a festering tumor
on the lobes of
Ferengi society
and it's my job
to cut you off.
One step at a time.
Yeah...
we're almost there.
Prepare for docking.
Thrusters back to half.
Yes.
( sighs )
Nice landing,
Captain.
Let me know
when you want
to get underway again.
I think I'll stay
here a week.
( chuckling )
( sighs )
Did you see Kira today?
Yeah.
I saw her in Ops.
I was thinking about
inviting her to dinner.
Good idea. Maybe she could
come by every evening.
evening, it wouldn't be enough.
Even if she came by every
I know I'm being selfish.
I should be grateful
that my baby's alive and well.
But I shouldn't have
to make appointments
to be with my own child.
Miles, what are
we going to do?
I don't know.
I know what you're
thinking, Brother--
that you can't break a
sacred Ferengi tradition.
But the truth is
defying Ferengi
tradition isn't so bad.
I did it--
I formed a union.
Everyone said
I was crazy
that no Ferengi
would have
anything to do
with me.
They didn't want
anything to do with you
before you formed
the union.
If you try the
trousers on first
you'll see I've added some
extra padding to the seat
which should make swiveling
on your barstool
much more comfortable.
I'm afraid your pants won't be
ready until next week, Quark.
That's not
why I'm here.
Ah! And what can I do for you?
I want to hire you,
not as a tailor--
as an assassin.
what you're talking about.
I don't know
Oh, yes, you do.
You weren't
always a tailor.
You're right.
I used to be a gardener.
Now, if you have something you
want weeded, you let me know.
Not some thing...
some one.
You're going to have
Brunt killed.
you had it in you, Brother.
I didn't think
uncompromising move.
What a bold,
Would you be quiet?
I don't want you to kill Brunt.
I want you to kill me.
You want me to kill you.
Well, that's different.
Something swift
and painless
and preferably
bloodless...
though I imagine that's
not always possible.
Wait a minute!
You can't do this.
I thought you were going
to break the contract.
What are
the key words there?
You thought.
But, Brother...
Don't "Brother" me, Rom.
I'm not like you or Nog
or Moogie
of our pathetic family.
or the rest
I'm a Ferengi businessman.
And I made a contract.
is a contract is...
And a contract
Rules of Acquisition to me!
Don't quote
we're talking about!
This is your life
That's right.
My life!
What's the most important
thing in my life?
Business.
That's who I am.
That's what I do.
I'm a businessman.
I'm a Ferengi businessman.
And more than that,
Do you know what that means?
It means that I'm
not exploiting
and cheating people at random.
to a specific set of rules.
I'm doing it according
The Rules of Acquisition.
when I find them inconvenient.
And I won't disregard them
Inconvenient?
You're going to die!
Yes.
And when I arrive at the gates
of the Divine Treasury
my bribe and usher me inside
the Registrar will accept
and do you know why?
exactly the way I lived--
Because I died
as a Ferengi!
Garak, let's
talk about death.
( gasps )
He's kicking so hard.
Do you think
he's all right?
Oh, it's a good sign.
I thought she was going
Molly--
to kick her way out of me.
Lower back, huh?
( groans )
Hold on. I have
just the thing.
It was so thoughtful of you
to share this with us.
Thank you, Major.
Please... Nerys.
So, um,
any morning sickness?
What's that?
Well, I don't know
how it is for Bajorans
but, typically, human mothers
wake up feeling nauseous.
Well, it doesn't work
that way for Bajorans.
Typically, we start
sneezing-- uncontrollably.
But this is a human baby.
I don't know what to expect.
Here you go.
Oh...
Slide that in there.
Get this side...
Sorry.
Better?
I'm hungry.
Oh, much.
Put your
feet up.
Oh, no, no, that's fine.
It is about that time.
I'll get dinner started.
I should be going
back to my quarters.
Why? Have dinner
with us.
I don't want to impose.
Nerys, you're having
our baby.
You're family now.
That's right.
In fact, Keiko and I have been
talking about something.
( clears throat )
Well, we have an idea
that we'd like
you to consider.
It's just an idea.
We don't want to pressure you.
I understand.
What is it?
Go ahead.
Mmm... mmm!
Ooh.
Mmm.
( gasps )
( bones snapping )
How's that?
Awful!
Did you hear that sound
of bone snapping?
I don't want that to be
the last thing I hear.
It wasn't that loud.
You don't have these ears.
Snapping vertebrae is out.
We're running
out of options, Quark.
You don't want to be vaporized
because you need a body.
The disrupter ruined
your clothing,
the knife was too savage
the nerve gas smelled bad
hanging took too long
and poison...
What was wrong with poison?
It doesn't work!
If I know the food is
poisoned, I won't eat it.
Could you get rid of this?
The sight of it
is making me sick.
Computer, remove corpse.
For a man who wants
to kill himself
you are strangely
determined to live.
don't you worry about that.
I'm going to die--
I just want to find
the right way.
Right way?
I don't want to see it coming
or hear it or feel it
or smell it.
my life and then... I'm dead.
I just want to go on with
Ah.
( snaps fingers )
You want to be surprised.
Exactly. I want to wake up
in the Divine Treasury
and have no idea
how I got there.
I see.
Perhaps that can be arranged.
Really.
You have my word.
You'll never know
what hit you.
( breathing heavily )
Computer?
Lights.
Garak, if you're in here...
I'm not going to be surprised!
Where am I?
"Please have your profit
and loss statement
"ready for inspection...
the Divine Treasury."
before entering
I'm dead.
Garak, you're good.
I'm really dead.
You're not just dead, Quark...
you're an idiot!
( laughing )
Who... are you?
the first Grand Nagus.
I am Gint,
You look like...
like my brother Rom.
That's because this is
a dream, you imbecile.
So...
I'm not dead.
What a clever boy--
always thinking.
I'm asleep.
this place looks so tacky.
That explains why
I mean, the Divine Treasury...
please.
for your limited imagination.
Don't blame me
Now, I'll make it simple.
the contract with Brunt.
You have to break
You got to be joking.
You're Gint.
The Rules of Acquisition--
You wrote
the scared precepts upon which
all Ferengi society is based.
can't expect me to break them.
Oh, you of all people
They're just rules.
Why not?
They're written in a book
not carved in stone.
And even if they were in stone,
so what?
A bunch of us just made them up.
they don't matter?
Are you saying
Of course they matter!
they're a best seller.
That's why
about your life here.
But we're talking
The Rules are nothing
but guideposts...
suggestions.
Then why call them "Rules"?
Would you buy a book called
Suggestions of Acquisition?
Doesn't quite have
the same ring
to it, does it?
a marketing ploy?
You mean it was
Shh!
A brilliant one.
Rule of Acquisition 239:
to mislabel a product."
"Never be afraid
I've based my entire life
around these Rules.
How can I just walk
away from them?
Because I'm
telling you to.
But you can't do that.
You're not Gint.
This is just a dream.
Exactly.
And I wouldn't be here
if you didn't want
to break the Rules.
You just need
someone's permission.
So I'm giving it to you.
I suppose...
if the First Nagus Gint
came to me in a vision
and told me to
break the Rules...
that would be all right.
BRUNT:
Quark, hold
it right there!
Brunt, FCA.
What are you doing here?
This is a private vision.
I'm here to remind you
of disregarding the Rules--
of the consequences
poverty, destitution,
exile.
I know.
I know, but look!
Gint himself has come
to me in a vision.
to break the contract.
He's telling me
That is
not Gint.
Gint was a lot taller.
You listen to that
fraud, you'll regret it
for the rest of your
miserable life.
I say we kill him right now.
This is a dream.
You can't kill me.
However...
people have been known
to die in their sleep.
Come on!
Rom!
Gint-- whatever
your name is!
Help me.
He's got a point,
Quark.
It's a dream.
I can't really
do anything.
But if you want to live,
break the contract.
It's your only hope.
( gasping )
I'm alive.
( sighs )
I find it surprising
that someone with such long,
slender and nimble fingers
practiced oo-mox.
has never
Come to beg
for your life?
What is this?
I am returning
your 500 bars of latinum
plus interest.
I told you I wasn't
interested in a refund.
I know.
I'm breaking the contract.
( laughing )
I knew it.
You're just like the
rest of your family--
weak-lobed degenerates...
another loser
in a long line
of failed Ferengis.
Look, I've broken
the contract
so do your job--
take my assets, revoke
my Ferengi business license.
Do whatever you have to do,
then get out.
And if I ever see you
walk into my bar again...
Yes?
You won't walk out.
May I have your
attention, please?!
Brunt, FCA.
As of this moment, no
further Ferengi commerce
may be conducted
in this bar.
No Ferengi may be
employed by this bar
no Ferengi may eat or drink
in this bar
and no Ferengi--
no Ferengi!--
may do business with that man!
will begin immediately.
Confiscation of assets
Ladies and gentlemen...
until further notice.
this bar is closed
Thank you for your patronage.
( door chimes )
O'BRIEN:
Come in.
I'll take that,
Major. Oh-- Nerys.
Is this it?
Oh, I travel light.
Would you like
to see your room?
Sure.
Welcome to
your new home.
At least until the baby is born.
Are you my aunt?
Well...
Sounds right to me.
Aunt Nerys.
can I play in your room?
Aunt Nerys,
Anytime you want.
How are you,
Brother?
How am I?
I'm broke...
ruined, destitute...
a pariah.
How are things with you?
Not bad.
Glad to hear it.
They took everything?
Mm-hmm.
Including this shirt.
I'm supposed
to send it to Brunt
in the morning.
Don't worry.
I have some old clothes
I was going to throw out.
Hmph.
I'd rather be naked.
Okay.
Brother, the way
you stood up to Brunt...
that I'm very proud of you.
Well, I want you to know
Well, then...
I guess throwing my entire
life away was worth it.
I wouldn't go that far.
Mmm.
So, what are you going
to do now?
Well, Rom...
I've been thinking long and hard
and you know what?
I don't have a clue.
Quark, where do you want this?
What is it?
A case of
Alvanian brandy.
A patient sent
it as payment
but I can't accept it.
Nice try, Doctor
but I don't want
your charity.
Oh, it's not charity.
I find it undrinkable.
So, do you want it
or shall I dump it?
( bottles clattering )
Quark, my sister
sent me these.
I thought you
might want them.
But they're really ugly.
They're not as ugly
as the old ones
but they're pretty bad.
This is all very amusing
with a case of bad brandy
but I can't start a bar
and a set of...
ugly glasses.
SISKO:
Quark.
Yes, Captain?
We're doing some
structural repair
on Level 2 of
the Habitat Ring.
We need a place to store
some extra furniture
for the next few months
and it looks like
you have the room.
Captain, where do
you want me to put
all this furniture?
We have three levels,
Constable, use them all.
Understood.
Captain, you can't do this!
Not without paying
a storage fee.
A minimum storage fee--
practically nothing.
Send me the bill.
QUARK: All right.
Don't just stand there, Odo.
Move it all in.
Ah!
Look at them, Brother.
And you thought
you had no assets.
Sisko, Dax,
Bashir, Morn...
they're my assets?
To name a few.
I guess you're right.
Huh.
I need a drink.
Li...